Documentation: clarify that running different operator versions on the same cluster is not supported (#50264)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/guides/operator/installation.adoc

- CRD revisions from newer Operator versions won't introduce breaking changes except for the eventual removal of fields that have been well deprecated. Thus newer CRDs are generally backward compatible.
- the CRDs installed last will be the ones in use. This applies to OLM installations as well where the Operator version, that is installed as the last, also installs and overrides the CRDs if they exists in the cluster already.
- older CRDs may not be forwards compatible with new fields used by newer operators. When using OLM it will check if your custom resources are compatible with the CRDs being installed, so the usage of new fields can prevent the simultaneous installation of older operator versions.

> - when using OLM, newer CRDs containing new API versions (e.g. v2beta1) will prevent the installation or upgrade of older operators that do not include those versions.

Author: done

> - when using OLM, newer CRDs containing new API versions (e.g. `v2beta1`) will prevent the installation or upgrade of older operators that do not include those versions.

Author: I did not modify this paragraph in this PR, therefore I'll not apply this suggestion.

> - similarly, newer CRDs containing new API versions (e.g. v2beta1) will unconditionally prevent the installation or upgrade of older operators that do not include those versions.

Author: applied

- CRD revisions from newer Operator versions won't introduce breaking changes except for the eventual removal of fields that have been well deprecated. Thus newer CRDs are generally backward compatible.
- the CRDs installed last will be the ones in use. This applies to OLM installations as well where the Operator version, that is installed as the last, also installs and overrides the CRDs if they exists in the cluster already.
- older CRDs may not be forwards compatible with new fields used by newer operators. When using OLM it will check if your custom resources are compatible with the CRDs being installed, so the usage of new fields can prevent the simultaneous installation of older operator versions.

> - similarly, newer CRD API versions will unconditionally prevent the installation or upgrade of older operator versions that do not include those versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- similarly, newer CRDs containing new API versions (e.g. v2beta1) will unconditionally prevent the installation or upgrade of older operators that do not include those versions.
```

Author: applied, thx

- fields introduced by newer CRDs will not be supported by older Operators. Older operators will fail to handle CRs that use such new fields with an error deserializing an unrecognized field.

> It is therefore recommended that when upgrading any operator instance on the cluster, all other operator instances are upgraded to the same version. Running different operator versions in different namespaces on the same cluster is not supported and can lead to installation or upgrade failures.

Reviewer 2: I'd keep this paragraph as it was. "As closely as possible" sounds ok, but saying "not supported" is changing support scope and might be perceived as a breaking change.

Reviewer: Right, we know that if you end up running multiple operators that there will be upgrade windows when the versions are not aligned - but ideally not indefinitely.

Author: Reverted, thanks.
